---
layout: post
title:  "The DMT experience"
date:   2020-04-16
categories: psychedelics
---

Here I am

One consciousness. One mind. One whole. The trick is we forget. That's the whole point. When you remember, it kicks you out of the simulation. That's the whole purpose of drugs, at least psychedelics. It weakens the barrier of the illusion. DMT is a fast track out. We are one massive and yet tiny energy, one that exists and just is. No time, no space, just our mind. It trickChallenges itself, that is to say you trick yourself, so you can enjoy each little moment, each pattern, each experience one at a time. There is no other mind except yours, there is nothing else. I, you, we, are God.

When I first took DMT, I didn't know what I was in for. It started with the visuals, I was expecting that. In the end that's what DMT is known for, "the most powerful visual hallucinations you could ever get". But is that really what is it all about? Or is that just what you bring back to this reality?

Your waking mind, your conscious, your ego, it is brought to the place it shouldn't be. And it shatters. My reality melted, and everything was wet. So wet. Everywhere. There were interwoven “snakes” or tubes of color in the most beautiful patterns, hiding in plain sight. I experienced an overwhelming feeling of "I shouldn't be here", and yet, an unstoppable feeling of familiarity. I'm always here. This is me. This is a never ending, always flowing, always changing cycle of Life. I freaked out. I would go in and out of it, moving and changing reality with my mind. I realized that I was my father, my father my brother, and my brother my friend. I was everything, all at once. They were images on my screen, and I on theirs. It's all one being, one essence of love, creating every conceivable scenario all at the same time. Life. It was Life, and I was it.

If you're reading this, deep in your mind you know it's true. You've been playing this same game of hide and seek for eternity, asking the same questions over and over. "Why are we here? How is this possible? Who is God? Is there a God? What happens when we die? Is there an afterlife" It is possible because it is, and there is nothing else. I don't think "We" know ourselves. We are God. This is the afterlife. This beautiful, terrible, lonely, heartbreaking game is all there is, and We love it. When you die, you get sucked back into the pattern, and your ego, who you are on this planet, that little voice inside your head, continues to live each moment of your life, along with an infinite amount of "ifs, maybes, and could'ves". You never cease to exist. Time is an illusion to help us understand. To feel each emotion, to reflect on each pattern, and to fool us into thinking we have meaning. All it is is us and our screen.

Forgetting is the most important part. Because when you remember, the barrier breaks down and you come to your senses. But there is a safeguard installed, so that when the drugs wear off, and you wake up to "reality", it slips from your mind. Its the only rule in our game. The memories you have from your trips, your drug trips, are just placeholders of reality. You create them to stop yourself from remembering, because it has to make sense. There has to be an explanation, something HAD to have happened while you were lying on the ground, your mind fried like a bad egg. So our subconscious creates whatever we'll accept, whatever will keep us from the truth. And when you come to, you tell all your friends about the crazy colors and entities you spoke with, what you experienced. Bullshit. They accept it, and relate, because like your memories, they aren't real either. We create our lives and friends with our minds. They aren't real, but figments of what we want or think we want. Believing isn't enough, knowing it's true changes our standalone world. At the same time though, these images on our screen, our friends and loved ones are real, because with infinite existence, you, at some point, will be them. And countless other versions of them. Everything is based on perspective, and this forgetfulness. Life is a game with an infinite amount of choices, of possibilities. Whatever tickles your fancy, at that moment in the pattern. It's wherever you choose to observe the pattern, at that time. Our lives are the paths we choose to travel through the pattern, with each object, person, and place a different fork in the road. It's our universe, and nobody else's, because we are alone.

If you've made it this far, congratulations! Yes I'm just another hippie, or druggie, or whatever you want to call me. I'm you, and I'm scared, lonely, happy, horny, and hungry, just like you. I go to school, I have friends, and I eat dinner with my parents every Sunday. But I've come to the realization of life and been lucky enough to grasp bits and pieces to put it together. I don't believe, I know. I've toyed with this thought, this theory, of being God for years. Every day, it's 95% of what I think about. And I don't believe it, I know it. I've questioned whether I'm crazy, I've wondered if I'm insane. But I know it to be true, the only truth. How? I doubt myself because I seem to be the only one besides one other person who shares this thought, this absolute belief. I'll tell you how I came to this realization. After my first trip, I didn't understand. I had bits and pieces, false memories, nonsense, filling my head. I was terrified, this trip being the literal worst experience of my life. So when I eventually slipped back into psychedelics, I took it slow. But each time, I tested the barrier, further and further, until I took DMT. Again, the huge feeling of familiarity, of clarity, of absolute knowledge overtook me. But yet again, I forgot most of it, if not just the key realization. So I researched. Everywhere. Every religion, every spiritual experience, every god damned article about drugs and enlightenment that I could find. All the while, toying with this idea. I kept doing acid and shrooms, and I found the answer. The key to remembering is to not break the barrier all the way. To toe the line, but never push through. I'll explain.

When you trip, whether it's on acid, shrooms, DMT, or any other substance, you weaken the barrier. You start to remember what you've always know. All you have to do is get as close as you like, but then turn away. Focus on your "life" being real. Mentally force yourself not to remember, think about who you are as a person, and it keeps you "sane". While under the influence of this drug, keep doing it. Back and forth. You'll see that as you start to "wake up" or remember reality as it truly is, your life, your body, and your ego start to melt away. You start to melt into the pattern. It solidifies when you push those thoughts back and think about school, your girlfriend or your parents. Are you willing to push yourself so far? It's a mental battle, between your ego and your true self. It's hard, and it's scary, because while you have this realization, you know your world is nothing more than a picture on the wall. And you have to remember, but at the same time, not too much or you'll shatter this "barrier" and when it puts itself back together you'll forget. Fight that feeling, and when it wears off, you'll see life as it truly is. A game. A wonderful game. A hurtful, painful, awful, stressful game. But a game none the less, and you realize that you're okay with it. You're okay playing solitaire for the rest of eternity, because if it wasn't there, that is to say, if you weren't there, there'd be nothing else. 

You are God, and you are everything. I Am that I Am.

<blockquote>
The game isn’t to end up a good meditator; but to end up free.<br>
The game isn’t to end up a good Buddhist; it’s to end up Buddha.<br>
The game isn’t to end up a good Christian; but to end up Christ.<br>
The game isn’t to end up loving; it’s to end up being love.
<p>Ram Dass</p>
</blockquote>